Further updates to Java plugin process (#4256)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/news/_preparation_next_release.md

- Fixed an issue with type-limits on ARM32 (see issue #4217). _(Klemens Böswirth @kodebach)_

### dump

- The exported functions `serialise` and `unserialise` have been renamed to `serialize` and `unserialize`.

>   For now the old version are still exported as an alias.

Reviewer: I don't think we should do this as this is already preparation for 1.0.

  This may be removed in a future version. _(Klemens Böswirth @kodebach)_

> - New exported functions `int fserialise(KeySet * ks, FILE * file, Key * errorKey)` and `int funserialise(KeySet * ks, FILE * file, Key * errorKey)` have been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New exported functions `int fserialize(KeySet * ks, FILE * file, Key * errorKey)` and `int funserialize(KeySet * ks, FILE * file, Key * errorKey)` have been added.
```

>   These are wrappers around `serialise` and `unserialise` that allow calling from C with a standard `FILE *`. _(Klemens Böswirth @kodebach)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These are wrappers around `serialize` and `unserialize` that allow calling from C with a standard `FILE *`. _(Klemens Böswirth @kodebach)_
```
